The habitual beings always have the five negative emotions.
When the negative, the five negative emotions and the poisons are at their rating as like, like
strongly.
Here it is the Tomati, the Kariya, the Thomati, the Rasa, the Drava, the Kita, the Kishi, but not
Mati, because at that time,
whenever that happens, the practice should have the methods or the skill that instantly liberated
within its own status.
And that means like five negative emotions such as ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, and eloqu
ence.
Whatever the negatives are, rating and disturbing to the mind streams of the practitioner, so all
the combination of those.
Whatever that happens, and right that moment, immediately practicing the truth,
practicing the truth, remember the teachings or the Dokti teachings and then liberate it within its
own natural state.
All right, and that's all.
And then, now that is the second ingredient or the necessities of that which is remembered.
And third, remember, even with now the right practices, even with doing every teachings and joy,
devotion, all that,
but then always that kind of this, cynically the distractions comes.
Distractions is very, very sneaky, and they are very, in a way, naive and very loky, but it is
beginning to disturb.
And this distraction is, in a way, connected with all and affairs.
So whenever we are distracted, at that moment, again, the restful mind forms.
Instantly, this all and affairs, this distraction is the obstacle.
It is vengeance. It is not blessings. It is not achievement.
And therefore, right immediately, again, not let go under the power or of the destructions,
with the games, according to games, between hope and faith.
And that is the thought necessary.
And then the fourth instruction is about the practitioners.
In order to maintain the dharma practices, then we should try to keep the samaya pure, pure samaya.
So that means pure samaya or pure morality or pure vows for the ethics.
And in order to do this, to maintain that, then we should have the s token that simulates as the ar
chery,
keeping the strength of the bow very, I think, nice.
And the strength of the bow, when the arch is ready to shoot the arch or to the target,
that the strength of the bow is not too tight.
They are not keeping too tight, and also not too loose.
It's just part of the balance, and that will give the arrow, kind of the speed of arrow, or it goes
so nicely.
Therefore, the samaya, the morality, that what we should have to be maintained,
but with balance, with it, more gentle, more peaceful, more kind of freedom starts.
But strength and courage, and that should be there.
That's like the archery, keeping the strength of the bow as exact as it should need.
And those are four necessities for the practitioner to maintain the practices,
not just maintain, but bring the full provision of the practices.